Major revision: tablist role (#13088)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/accessibility/aria/roles/tablist_role/index.md

  - ARIA roles
  - tablist role
  - composite widget role
  - tablist
---

> The `tablist` role identifies the element that serves as the container for the set of `tabs`, which are references to `tabpanel` elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `tablist` role identifies the element that serves as the container for a set of `tabs`. The tab content are referred to as `tabpanel` elements.
```

## Description

You may be interacting with a tabbed interface as you read this! Browser tabs allow a user have multiple web pages open in a single window. Clicking on a tab in the tablist at the top of the browser window enables the user to display the associated content in the main content area, the tabpanel, one site at a time. This is called a "tab design pattern".

When implementing a tab design pattern, the [`tab`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/tab_role), `tablist` and [`tabpanel`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/tabpanel_role) roles are used. 

Tabs are a set of layered sections of content, known as tab panels, that display one panel of content at a time. Each tab panel has an associated `tab` element, that, when activated, displays the panel. The list of tab elements is arranged along one edge of the currently displayed panel, most commonly the top edge, nested in a `tablist` element.

> Another example of using `tab`, `tablist` and `tabpanel` is a slide picker. In a slide picker, the controls can be marked up as more than one `tab` in a `tablist` with each slide represented by a `tabpanel` element.
> 
> Each `tab` in a `tablist` serves as a label for one `tabpanel` and can be activated to display that panel. The `tablist` is the containing element for the set of tab elements contained. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each `tab` in a `tablist` serves as a label for one `tabpanel` and can be activated to display that panel. The `tablist` is the containing element for the set of tab elements contained. 
```
